DOC Update maintainer guidelines (#383)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/06_Project_Governance/03_Maintainer_Guidelines.md

[/note]

## What is Silverstripe Core

Silverstripe CMS is powered by a system of components in the form of Composer packages. These packages will be categorised as either a _module_ or a _recipe_.

The "core" of Silverstripe refers to the module packages owned by the "silverstripe" Packagist vendor that fall under one of the following recipes:

* [silverstripe/recipe-core](https://github.com/silverstripe/recipe-cms)
* [silverstripe/recipe-cms](https://github.com/silverstripe/recipe-cms)
* [silverstripe/installer](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-installer)

## What are Supported Modules

In addition to Silverstripe Core, there are many [Supported Modules](https://www.silverstripe.org/software/addons/supported-modules-definition/)
which have the backing of Silverstripe Ltd. While it's a good idea to apply the rules outlined in this document,
work on these modules is guided by the 
[Supported Modules Standard](https://www.silverstripe.org/software/addons/supported-modules-definition/).
Commit access in Supported Modules is handled by agreement of the repository maintainers,

> or any additional guidelines outlined via `README` and `CONTRIBUTING` files.

Reviewer: This is all documented in the dedicated supported modules page now

 * Complex or impactful changes need to be reviewed and approved by one or more Core Committers. This includes any additions, removals or changes to commonly used APIs. If that's not possible in the team, ping `@silverstripe/core-team` to get other Core Committers involved.
 * For these complex or impactful changes, Core Committers should be given 1-2 working days to review. Ideally at this point, the API has already been agreed on through issue comments outlining the planned work (see [RFC Process](request_for_comment]).
 * More straightforward changes (e.g. documentation, styling) or areas which require quite specialised expertise (e.g. React) that's less available through most Core Committers can be approved or merged by team members who aren't Core Committers.
 * Self-merges should be avoided, but are preferable to having work go stale or forcing other team members to waste time by context switching into a complex review (e.g. because the original reviewer went on leave). Any self-merge should be accompanied by a comment why this couldn't be handled in another way, and a (preferably written) approval from another team member.

This role may be granted by any Core Committer,

> who should give other Core Committers an opportunity to weigh in on the decision.

Reviewer: CMS Squad work doesn't tend to get reviewed by core committers (except in-so-far as there are core committers in the CMS Squad), and enforcing that requirement would introduce a massive bottleneck to getting any changes in.

focus on core development work and are full-time employees of Silverstripe.

### Triage

Triage of issues and pull request is an important activity: Reviewing issues, adding labels,
closing stale issues, etc. This does not require write access to the repository as a "Contributing Committer".
This is a great way for active community members to help out, and start a path towards becoming a Core Committer.

Triage roles may be granted by any Core Committer,

> who should give other Core Committers an opportunity to weigh in on the decision.

Reviewer: We don't have a standalone triage role at the moment. We might again in the future - if that happens, we can re-document it.

> * Don't commit directly to a release branch, raise pull requests instead

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Don't commit directly to existing branches, raise pull requests instead
```

Reviewer: Done - and moved the "Use forks to create feature branches for pull requests" guidelines to be directly following this one

> * Follow the [Supported Modules Standard](https://www.silverstripe.org/software/addons/supported-modules-definition/)

Reviewer: > Follow the [Supported Modules Standard](https://www.silverstripe.org/software/addons/supported-modules-definition/)

We don't _really_ follow that, most likely - but as long as that page exists, I don't think we should stop referring to it. We should instead holistically reconsider how we approach supported modules.

> * Public API changes and non-trivial features should not be merged into release branches.

Reviewer: > Public API changes and non-trivial features should not be merged into release branches.

Maybe this should say "Breaking changes to public API" instead? I'll leave as is for now until someone weighs in.

> * Public API changes and non-trivial features should not be merged into release branches.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Public API changes and non-trivial features should merged into the branch for the next minor release, not patch release branches
```

Reviewer: That's not the intent - changing to specify breaking API changes as per https://github.com/silverstripe/developer-docs/pull/383#discussion_r1364669654

Reviewer: Actually I've just removed this point altogether, since it's covered in `Follow [Semantic Versioning](/contributing/code/#picking-the-right-version) by putting any changes into the correct branch` above that.
